docs/concepts/configuration.md, before:

<!--
kb_concepts
kb_pwa
kb_everyone
kb_sync_latest_only
-->

# Configuration

In a complex application like the Intershop Progressive Web App, there are multiple ways and kinds of configuration.
The complexity increases if you consider that the communication with Intershop Commerce Management has to be coordinated as well.
In addition, the PWA, when run with Angular Universal, consists of a server-side and a client-side application.

## Ways of Configuring Angular Applications

> [!WARNING]
> If available, always prefer configuration via system environment variables and running the PWA with Universal Rendering.

### Angular CLI Environments

The standard way of configuring an Angular Application is managing multiple environment files that are part of the project's source tree, usually located in _src/environments._ To choose one configuration, you have to supply the parameter when building the Angular Application.
See [Guide - Building and Running Server-Side Rendering](../guides/ssr-startup.md) and [Configuring Application Environments](https://angular.io/guide/build#configure-environment-specific-defaults) for further information.

Do not access properties supplied with environment files directly in artifacts.
Instead, you need to provide them via `InjectionTokens` to be used in components, pipes, or services.
Standard `InjectionTokens` are defined in [`injection-keys.ts`](../../src/app/core/configurations/injection-keys.ts).
Use this file to create new keys for the standard PWA; project customizations should create their own file next to it.

First, extend the [`environment.model`](../../src/environments/environment.model.ts) to support your new property.
Then define an `InjectionToken` that can be used to access a certain property later on:

```typescript
export const PROPERTY = createEnvironmentInjectionToken('property');
```

The new token is automatically initialized with the default value from the Angular CLI environment files.
To override it in tests, you can provide it in the `TestBed` configuration.

To inject the property with dependency injection, use the helper [`InjectSingle`](../../src/app/core/utils/injection.ts) to properly inherit type information:

```typescript
import { Inject } from '@angular/core'

import { PROPERTY } from 'ish-core/configurations/injection-keys'
import { InjectSingle } from 'ish-core/utils/injection';

...

constructor(@Inject(PROPERTY) private property: InjectSingle<typeof PROPERTY>)
```

As can be seen here, only build-time and deploy-time configuration parameters can be supplied this way.

### Node.js Environment Variables

When running the application in Angular Universal mode within a _Node.js_ environment, we can additionally access the process environment variables via _process.env_.
This method provides a way to configure the application at deploy time, e.g., when using Docker images.
Configuration can then be consumed and passed to the client side via state transfer using Angular's [TransferState](https://angular.io/api/core/TransferState).

To introduce a new `TransferState` key, add it to the [`state-keys.ts`](../../src/app/core/configurations/state-keys.ts).

```typescript
export const NEW_KEY = makeStateKey<string>('newKey');
```

The actual transfer is handled by the [`app.server.module.ts`](../../src/app/app.server.module.ts) where the mapping of the environment variable is done.

Accessing the transferred state in a service or a component is done as follows:

```typescript
import { NEW_KEY } from 'ish-core/configurations/state-keys';

newKey string;

constructor(private transferState: TransferState) {}

if (!SSR) {
  this.newKey = this.transferState.get<string>(NEW_KEY, 'default value');
}
```

### NgRx Configuration State

The previous ways were mainly handling deployment- or build-time-related means to configure an Angular application.
All further configuration that has some kind of runtime flexibility, especially configuration that is retrieved via REST calls from the ICM, has to be handled in the NgRx store and to be used throughout the application with selectors.
Effects and actions should be used to manipulate those settings.

### URL Parameters

A configuration effect (NgRx) for listening to route parameters when initially visiting the page has been composed.
This provides the most flexible way of configuring the application at runtime.

## Different Levels of Configuration Settings

### Build Settings

One example for a build time configuration is the property `serviceWorker`, which is managed in the _angular.json_ configurations and used to activate the [service worker](./progressive-web-app.md#service-worker).

In general, properties available at build time can only be supplied by Angular CLI environments (see above).

### Deployment Settings

Deployment settings do not influence the build process and, therefore, can be set in more flexible manners.
The main criteria of this category is the fact that deployment settings do not change during runtime.
The most common way of supplying them can be implemented by using Angular CLI environment files and `InjectionTokens` for distribution throughout the application's code.

An example for this kind of settings are breakpoint settings for the different device classes of the application touch points.

Deployment settings can also be set by using `TransferState` to use environment variables of the deployment for the configuration of the application.

### Runtime Settings

The most flexible kind of settings, which can also change when the application runs, are runtime settings.
Angular CLI environment files cannot provide a way to handle those.
Only the NgRx store can do that.
Thus, only NgRx means should be used to supply them.
Nevertheless, default values can be provided by environment files and can later be overridden by system environment variables.

Everything managed in the NgRx state is accumulated on the server side and sent to the client side with the initial HTML response.

To access these properties, we provide the [`StatePropertiesService`](../../src/app/core/utils/state-transfer/state-properties.service.ts), which takes care of retrieving the configuration either from the configuration state, an environment variable or the _environment.ts_ (in that order).

### Configurations REST Resource

ICM provides a Configurations REST resource - `/configurations` - that is supposed to provide all relevant runtime configurations that can be defined in the ICM back office and are required to configure a REST client as well.
This includes service configurations, locales, basket preferences, etc.

The ICM configurations information can be accessed through the [`getServerConfigParameter`](../../src/app/core/store/core/server-config/server-config.selectors.ts) selector.

## ICM Endpoint Configuration

### Setting the Base URL

At first, the PWA has to be connected with the corresponding ICM.
This can be done by modifying environment files or by setting the environment variable `ICM_BASE_URL` for the process running the _Node.js_ server.
The latter is the preferred way.
See also [Guide - Building and Running Server-Side Rendering](../guides/ssr-startup.md).

Independent of where and how you deploy the Angular Universal application, be it in a Docker container or plain, running on Azure, with or without service orchestrator, setting the base URL provides the most flexible way of configuring the PWA.
Refer to the documentation for mechanisms of your environment on how to set and pass environment variables.

### Settings for Channels and Applications

Use the properties `icmChannel` and `icmApplication` in the Angular CLI environment or the environment variables `ICM_CHANNEL` and `ICM_APPLICATION` to statically direct one deployment to a specific REST endpoint of the ICM.

## Feature Toggles

To activate additional functionality, we use the concept of feature toggles throughout the application.
For instance, there is no general distinction between B2B and B2C applications.
Each setup can define specific features at any time.
Of course, the ICM server must supply appropriate REST resources to leverage functionality.

### Available Feature Toggles

| Feature Toggle               | Description of Enabled Feature                                                                                                                  |
| ---------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| compare                      | Product compare feature (additional configuration via `dataRetention` configuration options)                                                    |
| contactUs                    | Allow the user to contact the website provider via a contact web form                                                                           |
| extraConfiguration           | Fetch extra configuration information from _Configuration_ CMS component for [configurable themes etc.](../guides/themes.md#configurable-theme) |
| productNotifications         | Product notifications feature for price and in stock notifications                                                                              |
| rating                       | Display product ratings                                                                                                                         |
| recently                     | Display recently viewed products (additional configuration via `dataRetention` configuration options)                                           |
| saveLanguageSelection        | Save the user's language selection and restore it after PWA load                                                                                |
| storeLocator                 | Display physical stores and their addresses                                                                                                     |
| **B2B Features**             |                                                                                                                                                 |
| businessCustomerRegistration | Create business customers on registration                                                                                                       |
| costCenters                  | Cost center feature                                                                                                                             |
| orderTemplates               | Order template feature                                                                                                                          |
| punchout                     | Punchout feature                                                                                                                                |
| quickorder                   | Quick order page and direct add to cart input                                                                                                   |
| quoting                      | Quoting feature                                                                                                                                 |
| **B2C Features**             |                                                                                                                                                 |
| guestCheckout                | Allow unregistered guest checkout                                                                                                               |
| wishlists                    | Wishlist product list feature                                                                                                                   |
| **Third-party Integrations** |                                                                                                                                                 |
| maps                         | Google Maps integration for locating stores (used with the `storeLocator` feature, additional configuration via `gmaKey`)                       |
| sentry                       | Sentry error tracking and monitoring (additional configuration via `sentryDSN`)                                                                 |
| tacton                       | Tacton product configuration integration (additional configuration via `tacton` and `dataRetention` configuration options)                      |
| tracking                     | Google Tag Manager tracking (additional configuration via `gtmToken`)                                                                           |
| **ICM compatibility**        |                                                                                                                                                 |
| legacyEncoding               | Use URL resource encoding for ICM 7.10 and ICM 11                                                                                               |

### Configuring Features

The configuration of features can be done statically by the Angular CLI environment property `features` (string array) or the environment parameter `FEATURES` (comma-separated string list).
To configure it dynamically, use the PWA URL parameter `features` (comma-separated string list) during URL rewriting in the reverse proxy (see [Concept - Multi-Site Handling][concept-multi-site]).

### Programmatically Switching Features

Various means to activate and deactivate functionality based on feature toggles are supplied.

**Guard**

Add the Guard as `canActivate` to the routing definition.
Additionally, you have to supply a `data` field called `feature`, containing a string that determines for which feature the route should be active.
If the feature is deactivated, the user is sent to the error page on accessing.

```typescript
const routes: Routes = [
  {
    path: 'quote',
    loadChildren: ...,
    canActivate: [featureToggleGuard],
    data: { feature: 'quoting' },
  },
...
```

**Directive**

```html
<ish-product-add-to-compare *ishFeature="'compare'"> ...</ish-product-add-to-compare>
```

**Pipe**

```html
<ish-product-add-to-compare *ngIf="'compare' | ishFeature"> ...</ish-product-add-to-compare>
```

**Service**

```typescript
@Injectable({ providedIn: 'root' })
export class SomeService {
  constructor(private featureToggleService: FeatureToggleService) {}
...
    if (this.featureToggleService.enabled('quoting')) {
...
}
```

### Unit Testing with Feature Toggles

With Version 0.21 we introduced [`FeatureToggleModule.forTesting`][feature-toggle-module] which provides a shallow implementation for testing with feature toggles not depending on the state management.
Use it in the `imports` of the `TestBed` declaration of the unit test.
Switching features in tests can be triggered by calling [`FeatureToggleModule.switchTestingFeatures`][feature-toggle-module] with a new set of activated feature toggles.

[feature-toggle-module]: ../../src/app/core/feature-toggle.module.ts

## Setting Default Locale

You can set the default locale statically by modifying the order of the provided locales in the Angular CLI environment files.
The first locale is always chosen as the default one.
To set the default locale dynamically, use the URL parameter `lang` when rewriting the URL in the reverse proxy (see [Concept - Multi-Site Handling][concept-multi-site]).

## Extend Locales

To add other languages except English, German, or French:

1. Add the locale to the ICM channel configuration.

2. Create a new json mapping file with all translations, e.g., `src/assets/i18n/nl_NL.json`.

<!-- spell-checker: words Niederländisch -->

3. (optional) Add the new language switch translation keys to other locales:
   _example de_DE.json_:

   ```
     "locale.nl_NL.long": "Niederländisch",
     "locale.nl_NL.short": "nl",
   ```

4. (optional) Add the locale-specific currency filter to the environments under `src/environments`, e.g.,

   ```typescript
    localeCurrencyOverride: {
      ...
      nl_NL: 'EUR',
    },
   ```

5. Import the Angular locale data in the [`InternationalizationModule`](../../src/app/core/internationalization.module.ts):

   ```typescript
   import localeNl from '@angular/common/locales/nl';
   ```

6. Register the locale using `registerLocaleData` in the constructor:

   ```typescript
   registerLocaleData(localeNl);
   ```

7. Add new json mapping file import to `LOCAL_TRANSLATIONS` injection token in the [`InternationalizationModule`](../../src/app/core/internationalization.module.ts) provider:

   ```typescript
    providers: [
      {
        provide: LOCAL_TRANSLATIONS,
        useValue: {
          useFactory: (lang: string) => {
            switch (lang) {
              // other added json-mapping-file imports with translations
              ...
              case: nl_NL {
                return import('../../assets/i18n/nl_NL.json');
              }
            }
          },
        },
      }
   ]
   ```

# Further References

- [Concept - Multi-Site Handling][concept-multi-site]
- [Guide - Building and Running Server-Side Rendering](../guides/ssr-startup.md)
- [Guide - Building and Running nginx Docker Image](../guides/nginx-startup.md)

[concept-multi-site]: ./multi-site-handling.md

Commit message:

feat: share wishlists in my account page

docs/concepts/configuration.md, after:

<!--
kb_concepts
kb_pwa
kb_everyone
kb_sync_latest_only
-->

# Configuration

In a complex application like the Intershop Progressive Web App, there are multiple ways and kinds of configuration.
The complexity increases if you consider that the communication with Intershop Commerce Management has to be coordinated as well.
In addition, the PWA, when run with Angular Universal, consists of a server-side and a client-side application.

## Ways of Configuring Angular Applications

> [!WARNING]
> If available, always prefer configuration via system environment variables and running the PWA with Universal Rendering.

### Angular CLI Environments

The standard way of configuring an Angular Application is managing multiple environment files that are part of the project's source tree, usually located in _src/environments._ To choose one configuration, you have to supply the parameter when building the Angular Application.
See [Guide - Building and Running Server-Side Rendering](../guides/ssr-startup.md) and [Configuring Application Environments](https://angular.io/guide/build#configure-environment-specific-defaults) for further information.

Do not access properties supplied with environment files directly in artifacts.
Instead, you need to provide them via `InjectionTokens` to be used in components, pipes, or services.
Standard `InjectionTokens` are defined in [`injection-keys.ts`](../../src/app/core/configurations/injection-keys.ts).
Use this file to create new keys for the standard PWA; project customizations should create their own file next to it.

First, extend the [`environment.model`](../../src/environments/environment.model.ts) to support your new property.
Then define an `InjectionToken` that can be used to access a certain property later on:

```typescript
export const PROPERTY = createEnvironmentInjectionToken('property');
```

The new token is automatically initialized with the default value from the Angular CLI environment files.
To override it in tests, you can provide it in the `TestBed` configuration.

To inject the property with dependency injection, use the helper [`InjectSingle`](../../src/app/core/utils/injection.ts) to properly inherit type information:

```typescript
import { Inject } from '@angular/core'

import { PROPERTY } from 'ish-core/configurations/injection-keys'
import { InjectSingle } from 'ish-core/utils/injection';

...

constructor(@Inject(PROPERTY) private property: InjectSingle<typeof PROPERTY>)
```

As can be seen here, only build-time and deploy-time configuration parameters can be supplied this way.

### Node.js Environment Variables

When running the application in Angular Universal mode within a _Node.js_ environment, we can additionally access the process environment variables via _process.env_.
This method provides a way to configure the application at deploy time, e.g., when using Docker images.
Configuration can then be consumed and passed to the client side via state transfer using Angular's [TransferState](https://angular.io/api/core/TransferState).

To introduce a new `TransferState` key, add it to the [`state-keys.ts`](../../src/app/core/configurations/state-keys.ts).

```typescript
export const NEW_KEY = makeStateKey<string>('newKey');
```

The actual transfer is handled by the [`app.server.module.ts`](../../src/app/app.server.module.ts) where the mapping of the environment variable is done.

Accessing the transferred state in a service or a component is done as follows:

```typescript
import { NEW_KEY } from 'ish-core/configurations/state-keys';

newKey string;

constructor(private transferState: TransferState) {}

if (!SSR) {
  this.newKey = this.transferState.get<string>(NEW_KEY, 'default value');
}
```

### NgRx Configuration State

The previous ways were mainly handling deployment- or build-time-related means to configure an Angular application.
All further configuration that has some kind of runtime flexibility, especially configuration that is retrieved via REST calls from the ICM, has to be handled in the NgRx store and to be used throughout the application with selectors.
Effects and actions should be used to manipulate those settings.

### URL Parameters

A configuration effect (NgRx) for listening to route parameters when initially visiting the page has been composed.
This provides the most flexible way of configuring the application at runtime.

## Different Levels of Configuration Settings

### Build Settings

One example for a build time configuration is the property `serviceWorker`, which is managed in the _angular.json_ configurations and used to activate the [service worker](./progressive-web-app.md#service-worker).

In general, properties available at build time can only be supplied by Angular CLI environments (see above).

### Deployment Settings

Deployment settings do not influence the build process and, therefore, can be set in more flexible manners.
The main criteria of this category is the fact that deployment settings do not change during runtime.
The most common way of supplying them can be implemented by using Angular CLI environment files and `InjectionTokens` for distribution throughout the application's code.

An example for this kind of settings are breakpoint settings for the different device classes of the application touch points.

Deployment settings can also be set by using `TransferState` to use environment variables of the deployment for the configuration of the application.

### Runtime Settings

The most flexible kind of settings, which can also change when the application runs, are runtime settings.
Angular CLI environment files cannot provide a way to handle those.
Only the NgRx store can do that.
Thus, only NgRx means should be used to supply them.
Nevertheless, default values can be provided by environment files and can later be overridden by system environment variables.

Everything managed in the NgRx state is accumulated on the server side and sent to the client side with the initial HTML response.

To access these properties, we provide the [`StatePropertiesService`](../../src/app/core/utils/state-transfer/state-properties.service.ts), which takes care of retrieving the configuration either from the configuration state, an environment variable or the _environment.ts_ (in that order).

### Configurations REST Resource

ICM provides a Configurations REST resource - `/configurations` - that is supposed to provide all relevant runtime configurations that can be defined in the ICM back office and are required to configure a REST client as well.
This includes service configurations, locales, basket preferences, etc.

The ICM configurations information can be accessed through the [`getServerConfigParameter`](../../src/app/core/store/core/server-config/server-config.selectors.ts) selector.

## ICM Endpoint Configuration

### Setting the Base URL

At first, the PWA has to be connected with the corresponding ICM.
This can be done by modifying environment files or by setting the environment variable `ICM_BASE_URL` for the process running the _Node.js_ server.
The latter is the preferred way.
See also [Guide - Building and Running Server-Side Rendering](../guides/ssr-startup.md).

Independent of where and how you deploy the Angular Universal application, be it in a Docker container or plain, running on Azure, with or without service orchestrator, setting the base URL provides the most flexible way of configuring the PWA.
Refer to the documentation for mechanisms of your environment on how to set and pass environment variables.

### Settings for Channels and Applications

Use the properties `icmChannel` and `icmApplication` in the Angular CLI environment or the environment variables `ICM_CHANNEL` and `ICM_APPLICATION` to statically direct one deployment to a specific REST endpoint of the ICM.

## Feature Toggles

To activate additional functionality, we use the concept of feature toggles throughout the application.
For instance, there is no general distinction between B2B and B2C applications.
Each setup can define specific features at any time.
Of course, the ICM server must supply appropriate REST resources to leverage functionality.

### Available Feature Toggles

| Feature Toggle               | Description of Enabled Feature                                                                                                                  |
| ---------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| compare                      | Product compare feature (additional configuration via `dataRetention` configuration options)                                                    |
| contactUs                    | Allow the user to contact the website provider via a contact web form                                                                           |
| extraConfiguration           | Fetch extra configuration information from _Configuration_ CMS component for [configurable themes etc.](../guides/themes.md#configurable-theme) |
| productNotifications         | Product notifications feature for price and in stock notifications                                                                              |
| rating                       | Display product ratings                                                                                                                         |
| recently                     | Display recently viewed products (additional configuration via `dataRetention` configuration options)                                           |
| saveLanguageSelection        | Save the user's language selection and restore it after PWA load                                                                                |
| storeLocator                 | Display physical stores and their addresses                                                                                                     |
| **B2B Features**             |                                                                                                                                                 |
| businessCustomerRegistration | Create business customers on registration                                                                                                       |
| costCenters                  | Cost center feature                                                                                                                             |
| orderTemplates               | Order template feature                                                                                                                          |
| punchout                     | Punchout feature                                                                                                                                |
| quickorder                   | Quick order page and direct add to cart input                                                                                                   |
| quoting                      | Quoting feature                                                                                                                                 |
| **B2C Features**             |                                                                                                                                                 |
| guestCheckout                | Allow unregistered guest checkout                                                                                                               |
| wishlists                    | Wishlist product list feature                                                                                                                   |
| wishlistSharing              | Share Wishlists with other users via E-mail (used with the `wishlists` feature)                                                                 |
| **Third-party Integrations** |                                                                                                                                                 |
| maps                         | Google Maps integration for locating stores (used with the `storeLocator` feature, additional configuration via `gmaKey`)                       |
| sentry                       | Sentry error tracking and monitoring (additional configuration via `sentryDSN`)                                                                 |
| tacton                       | Tacton product configuration integration (additional configuration via `tacton` and `dataRetention` configuration options)                      |
| tracking                     | Google Tag Manager tracking (additional configuration via `gtmToken`)                                                                           |
| **ICM compatibility**        |                                                                                                                                                 |
| legacyEncoding               | Use URL resource encoding for ICM 7.10 and ICM 11                                                                                               |

### Configuring Features

The configuration of features can be done statically by the Angular CLI environment property `features` (string array) or the environment parameter `FEATURES` (comma-separated string list).
To configure it dynamically, use the PWA URL parameter `features` (comma-separated string list) during URL rewriting in the reverse proxy (see [Concept - Multi-Site Handling][concept-multi-site]).

### Programmatically Switching Features

Various means to activate and deactivate functionality based on feature toggles are supplied.

**Guard**

Add the Guard as `canActivate` to the routing definition.
Additionally, you have to supply a `data` field called `feature`, containing a string that determines for which feature the route should be active.
If the feature is deactivated, the user is sent to the error page on accessing.

```typescript
const routes: Routes = [
  {
    path: 'quote',
    loadChildren: ...,
    canActivate: [featureToggleGuard],
    data: { feature: 'quoting' },
  },
...
```

**Directive**

```html
<ish-product-add-to-compare *ishFeature="'compare'"> ...</ish-product-add-to-compare>
```

**Pipe**

```html
<ish-product-add-to-compare *ngIf="'compare' | ishFeature"> ...</ish-product-add-to-compare>
```

**Service**

```typescript
@Injectable({ providedIn: 'root' })
export class SomeService {
  constructor(private featureToggleService: FeatureToggleService) {}
...
    if (this.featureToggleService.enabled('quoting')) {
...
}
```

### Unit Testing with Feature Toggles

With Version 0.21 we introduced [`FeatureToggleModule.forTesting`][feature-toggle-module] which provides a shallow implementation for testing with feature toggles not depending on the state management.
Use it in the `imports` of the `TestBed` declaration of the unit test.
Switching features in tests can be triggered by calling [`FeatureToggleModule.switchTestingFeatures`][feature-toggle-module] with a new set of activated feature toggles.

[feature-toggle-module]: ../../src/app/core/feature-toggle.module.ts

## Setting Default Locale

You can set the default locale statically by modifying the order of the provided locales in the Angular CLI environment files.
The first locale is always chosen as the default one.
To set the default locale dynamically, use the URL parameter `lang` when rewriting the URL in the reverse proxy (see [Concept - Multi-Site Handling][concept-multi-site]).

## Extend Locales

To add other languages except English, German, or French:

1. Add the locale to the ICM channel configuration.

2. Create a new json mapping file with all translations, e.g., `src/assets/i18n/nl_NL.json`.

<!-- spell-checker: words Niederländisch -->

3. (optional) Add the new language switch translation keys to other locales:
   _example de_DE.json_:

   ```
     "locale.nl_NL.long": "Niederländisch",
     "locale.nl_NL.short": "nl",
   ```

4. (optional) Add the locale-specific currency filter to the environments under `src/environments`, e.g.,

   ```typescript
    localeCurrencyOverride: {
      ...
      nl_NL: 'EUR',
    },
   ```

5. Import the Angular locale data in the [`InternationalizationModule`](../../src/app/core/internationalization.module.ts):

   ```typescript
   import localeNl from '@angular/common/locales/nl';
   ```

6. Register the locale using `registerLocaleData` in the constructor:

   ```typescript
   registerLocaleData(localeNl);
   ```

7. Add new json mapping file import to `LOCAL_TRANSLATIONS` injection token in the [`InternationalizationModule`](../../src/app/core/internationalization.module.ts) provider:

   ```typescript
    providers: [
      {
        provide: LOCAL_TRANSLATIONS,
        useValue: {
          useFactory: (lang: string) => {
            switch (lang) {
              // other added json-mapping-file imports with translations
              ...
              case: nl_NL {
                return import('../../assets/i18n/nl_NL.json');
              }
            }
          },
        },
      }
   ]
   ```

# Further References

- [Concept - Multi-Site Handling][concept-multi-site]
- [Guide - Building and Running Server-Side Rendering](../guides/ssr-startup.md)
- [Guide - Building and Running nginx Docker Image](../guides/nginx-startup.md)

[concept-multi-site]: ./multi-site-handling.md
