docs/guides/accessibility.md, before:

<!--
kb_guide
kb_pwa
kb_everyone
kb_sync_latest_only
-->

# Accessibility

- [Accessibility](#accessibility)
  - [Check the Accessibility of a Page](#check-the-accessibility-of-a-page)
    - [Automated Testing](#automated-testing)
      - [ESLint Rules](#eslint-rules)
        - [Accessibility Plugin](#accessibility-plugin)
        - [Additional Rules](#additional-rules)
    - [Partially automated Testing](#partially-automated-testing)
      - [Tools](#tools)
        - [Google Lighthouse](#google-lighthouse)
        - [Silktide - Accessibility Checker](#silktide---accessibility-checker)
        - [WAVE - Web Accessibility Evaluation Tool](#wave---web-accessibility-evaluation-tool)
        - [IBM - Equal Access Accessibility Checker](#ibm---equal-access-accessibility-checker)
    - [Manual Testing](#manual-testing)
      - [Keyboard](#keyboard)
      - [Screen Reader](#screen-reader)
        - [Settings](#settings)
        - [Speech Viewer](#speech-viewer)
        - [Shortcuts](#shortcuts)
    - [Example Workflow](#example-workflow)
  - [Project specific Applications](#project-specific-applications)
    - [How to fix `click-events-have-key-events` problems](#how-to-fix-click-events-have-key-events-problems)
    - [Form Submission using the key "Enter"](#form-submission-using-the-key-enter)
    - [Form submission in dialogs](#form-submission-in-dialogs)
    - [Titles instead of ARIA-Attributes](#titles-instead-of-aria-attributes)
  - [Further References](#further-references)

The goal of accessibility is to unlock the full potential of the Web and enable people with disabilities to participate equally.
To achieve this, the [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG)](https://wcagcom.wpenginepowered.com/resource/what-is-wcag/) provide a set of standards ("[success criteria](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/)") that ensure online content is perceivable, operable, understandable, and robust for everyone.

## Check the Accessibility of a Page

### Automated Testing

#### ESLint Rules

The `@angular-eslint` repo contains a number of linting rules that can help enforce accessibility best practices in Angular component templates.

Most of the accessibility rules that are enabled in the Intershop PWA are contained in the plugin `@angular-eslint/template/accessibility` that is configured in the `.eslintrc.json` file of the project.
To check whether the rules are followed in your custom code or not, run `npm run lint`.

Only some individual rules that do not come with this plugin are specifically written down here.

> [!WARNING]
> These rules alone are not sufficient to guarantee good accessibility of a website.

##### Accessibility Plugin

```
plugin:@angular-eslint/template/accessibility
```

For reference on which rules the plugin currently includes, please check the official repository:

- [ESLint-Plugin Accessibility Rules](https://github.com/angular-eslint/angular-eslint/blob/main/packages/eslint-plugin-template/src/configs/accessibility.json)

##### Additional Rules

```
@angular-eslint/template/no-positive-tabindex
```

If an unreachable element has to be made reachable by providing a `tabindex`, the index should never be a positive number, only `0` (element is tab focusable) or `-1` (element is not tab focusable).
The tab-order has to be determined by the HTML-structure, not by the index.

### Partially automated Testing

#### Tools

With the current technology, automated tools can only check for around 25-30% of the WCAG criteria.
They can however provide a **quick and easy overview over some accessibility issues** on a page and give a good starting point on where to focus and fix accessibility problems.
The following list contains some suggestions of free tools that have been used to check the accessibility of the PWA:

- **_Google Lighthouse_**: quick overview and good for detecting general problems
- **_Silktide_**: huge toolbox, can categorize issues after different WCAG versions
- _WAVE_: good for checking non-visible attributes like aria-labels and -roles or image alt-texts
- _IBM_: categorizes the issues directly after the WCAG criteria, but throws many false positives

##### Google Lighthouse

Google Lighthouse is a tool directly build into the dev-tools of the Google Chrome browser and is great to **get a first quick overview** over the page status.

It is accessible by pressing "`F12`" and selecting the "_Lighthouse_" tab.
If you only want to check for accessibility issues, only tick the "_Accessibility_" checkbox under "_Categories_".

The most informative and visual "_Mode_" is the default mode "_Navigation_".
That option reloads the page.
If a page needs to be tested which has elements that don’t stay after a reload, select the "_Snapshot_" option instead.

> [!NOTE]
> It’s important to note that the browser window with the tested page should be focused after clicking "_Analyze page load_" or else it might throw an error, saying that it couldn’t analyze the page because it didn’t render any content.

The list of checked criteria can be found [here](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/lighthouse/accessibility/scoring).

##### Silktide - Accessibility Checker

Silktide is a Chrome-only extension with **many different functionalities** for accessibility that combines a lot of features of other tools.

It also **includes a simulated screen reader** that is **very easy to use**.
The screen reader works almost exactly like a locally installed one and is a good and easy way to check for accessible names of buttons and links.
It does have limitations compared to an installed screen reader, but it is a good tool for people who are not familiar with screen readers and just want to quickly check some elements.

Comparing it to the other tools, it doesn’t seem to detect as many accessibility issues.
It can however test against different WCAG versions and conformance levels.

Browser Plugin:

- [Chrome](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/silktide-accessibility-ch/mpobacholfblmnpnfbiomjkecoojakah)

##### WAVE - Web Accessibility Evaluation Tool

WAVE is a browser extension and website.
The extension can be toggled by clicking the extension-icon in the browser.

It is a very helpful tool to **visualize non-visual accessibility attributes** like `aria-labels` and `-roles` or `alt`-texts for images.
Clicking on the :information_source:-icon behind a problem displays a more detailed description, as well as the related WCAG criteria.

It can also visualize the **tab-order** and the **HTML site structure** (landmarks and headings).

> [!NOTE]
> The tool isn’t that technically advanced and seems a bit rudimentary. One big downside is that it displaces elements on the page to render its own content, which leads to a cluttered page, obscured elements and false alerts regarding contrast issues.

Browser Plugin:

- [Chrome](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/wave-evaluation-tool/jbbplnpkjmmeebjpijfedlgcdilocofh)
- [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/wave-accessibility-tool)

Website for deployed websites: https://wave.webaim.org

##### IBM - Equal Access Accessibility Checker

IBM is a browser extension that after installing it can be found in the dev-tools (opened by pressing "`F12`") of the browser like Google Lighthouse.

This tool is helpful because it **categorizes the issues directly after the WCAG criteria**.
By default, they’re sorted after "_Element roles_", that should be changed to "_Requirements_" via the dropdown.

> [!NOTE]
> The detection feels a bit too strict, so the results have to be manually filtered
>
> - a lot of things are marked as "_Needs review_" that often aren’t a violation
> - and bootstrap elements or angular components are marked as violations, that may have a function when being activated but don’t present a real issue on the website

Browser Plugin:

- [Chrome](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/ibm-equal-access-accessib/lkcagbfjnkomcinoddgooolagloogehp)
- [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/accessibility-checker)

### Manual Testing

#### Keyboard

The point of manual testing via keyboard is to check for the **general operability of the page** and a logical HTML structure.

Simply don’t use the mouse, and only navigate/operate the page with the tab- and enter/space-keys (or arrow-keys for certain input fields).

Things to look out for:

- Does the **tab-focus** go through the page in a **logical order**?
- Can the **tab-focus** go through the entire page without being "**trapped**" somewhere?
- Is the **tab-focus visible** on every element it can reach?
- Is every interactive **element reachable** with just the keyboard?
- Is every interactive **element operable** with just the keyboard?
- Do elements that receive the tab-focus only **execute a functionality** if it is specifically activated with the enter/space-key?

#### Screen Reader

For the beginning, it is recommended to start with Silktide’s simulated screen reader.
It is less sophisticated and a lot easier and simpler to use.

A locally installed screen reader can be used to **thoroughly test a page** for features and properties that the simulated screen reader isn’t capable of (like announcing errors via aria-live attributes).
It also reflects the real world application of such an assistive technology a lot closer than the simulated one.

A widely used locally installed screen reader is [NVDA](https://www.nvaccess.org/download/) ("Non-Visual Desktop Access").

After installing and starting the program, the screen reader is immediately active.

Then you can tab with the keyboard through the website and check it for accessibility issues, or use the up and down arrow-keys to access text-content that isn’t tab-able.

##### Settings

There are some settings that should be changed to make the program easier to use.
On Windows, the settings can be accessed by clicking on the small NVDA system tray icon in the taskbar.
Then navigate to "_Preferences_" → "_Settings…_".

- "_Mouse_" → all the options should be unchecked, so the program only reads content focused by the keyboard
- "_Speech_" → the "Rate" should probably be tuned down because the program reads very fast for someone who isn’t used to the software

##### Speech Viewer

It is also very helpful enabling the "**Speech Viewer**", that displays the spoken text.

The "_Speech Viewer_" can be accessed by clicking the NVDA system tray icon and enabling it through "_Tools_" → "_Speech viewer_".

It’s also recommended checking "_Show Speech Viewer on Startup_" at the bottom of the "_Speech Viewer_".

##### Shortcuts

NVDA has a huge list of **shortcuts**.
The following ones are the most useful for **checking** the correct **HTML structure** and correctly defined **aria-roles**.
It’s possible to move in the reverse order by pressing the "`Shift`"-key together with the shortcut key.

- "`D`"-key - next landmark (header, main, footer, …)
- "`H`"-key - next heading
- "`1`"-"`6`"-keys - jump to heading-levels 1-6
- "`G`"-key - next graphic
- "`K`"-key - next link
- "`B`"-key - next button
- "`L`"-key - next list
- "`I`"-key - next item in a list

[General shortcut list](https://dequeuniversity.com/screenreaders/nvda-keyboard-shortcuts) |
[Complete shortcut list](https://www.nvaccess.org/files/nvda/documentation/keyCommands.html)

These shortcuts can help decide if an element has an appropriate `aria-role`.

For example, if it’s unclear if an icon should have an "`img`"-role, think about if it’d make sense that it’s possible to access that icon with the "`G`"-key shortcut.
In most cases, that doesn’t make sense, because an icon often just visually represents the underlying function of a link or button.
The graphical content of the icon isn’t that important.
It’s better to make the icon `aria-hidden` and give the underlying link/button an accessible name.

### Example Workflow

- scan page with **Google Lighthouse** → check for automatically detected issues
- scan page with **Silktide** → check for automatically detected issues
- check with Silktide or WAVE:
  - correctly defined **HTML-landmarks**
  - correct **headings-order** (logical order without skipping a number)
  - visualize and check a logical **tab-focus order**
- navigate/operate page with the keyboard tab-key
  - check logical **tab-order**
  - check **reachability/operability** of elements
  - check **visibility of the tab-focus** on every reachable element
- use Silktide’s simulated **screen reader** to check accessible link and button names
- for further in-depth testing → use other tools (like IBM) and a locally installed screen reader

> [!NOTE]
> Be aware of general accessibility issues like accessible link/button names, sufficient color contrast, marked links and an always visible tab-focus.

## Project specific Applications

### How to fix `click-events-have-key-events` problems

To address this issue, make sure that every `<a>` tag in the HTML files includes a `routerLink` attribute.
If a link is only intended to trigger an action and not used to navigate the user to another page, it is recommended to use `<button>` tags instead of anchor tags, because buttons inherently provide better support for keyboard interactions and enhance overall accessibility.
To make the buttons look like links use the css classes `btn btn-link btn-link-action` for text links and `btn-tool btn-link` for icon links.
In case you have to use anchor tags nevertheless e.g. because of styling issues make sure you define a keypress.enter action and the tabindex="0" attribute for the anchor tag.

Other HTML elements (`<div>`, `<span>`, etc.) with a `click()` event that report this ESLint error can be fixed by adding a `(keydown.enter)` event that should be assigned with the `click()` event's method.
In addition, a `tabindex="0"` needs to be added to such elements to make them tab focusable.

### Form Submission using the key "Enter"

Implicit form submission using the "Enter" key is vital to assistive technologies, see also [HTML5 specification](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/form-control-infrastructure.html#implicit-submission).
Therefore, the `form` tag has to include an `input` of `type="submit"`, for example

```html
<form>
  <label for="foo">Name:</label>
  <input type="text" name="foo" id="foo" />
  <input type="submit" value="Submit" />
</form>
```

or a button of type "submit"

```html
<form>
  <label for="foo">Name:</label>
  <input type="text" name="foo" id="foo" />
  <button type="submit">Submit</button>
</form>
```

### Form submission in dialogs

Dialogs (or modals) are separated into three sections:

- modal header
- modal body
- modal footer

where the form is positioned inside the model body and the buttons are positioned inside the modal footer.
The following simplified example shows the wrong HTML structure:

:x: **Wrong HTML structure**

```html
<div class="modal-body">
  <form (ngSubmit)="submit()">
    <formly-form></formly-form>
  </form>
</div>
<div class="modal-footer">
  <button type="button" (click)="submit()">Submit</button>
  <button type="button" (click)="cancel()">Cancel</button>
</div>
```

The button with the text "Submit" calls the same function `foo()` as the form `(ngSubmit)` but the form would not be submitted using the "Enter" key because the submit button is positioned outside the `form` tag.
The following example shows the correct HTML structure:

:heavy_check_mark: **Correct HTML structure**

```html
<form (ngSubmit)="submit()">
  <div class="modal-body">
    <formly-form></formly-form>
  </div>
  <div class="modal-footer">
    <button type="submit">Submit</button>
    <button type="button" (click)="cancel()">Cancel</button>
  </div>
</form>
```

where

- the `form` tag surrounds both the formly form (including the form elements) and the submit button
- the function `submit()` is only called at the `form` tag
- the "Submit" button is correctly defined using `type="submit"` and does not call `submit()` using `(click)=""`
- the "Cancel" button is only defined as `type="button"` to prevent any default behavior

### Titles instead of ARIA-Attributes

If an element has to be made more descriptive by adding a title-attribute or an aria-label, we decided to use the title and not the label, because a title provides visual feedback and can also be read as a label by screen-readers.

:x: **Wrong HTML structure, title and aria-label would be read by a screen-reader**

```html
<button [title]="Close" [aria-label]="close">
  <span>x</span>
</button>
```

:heavy_check_mark: **Preferred HTML structure when a title is needed**

```html
<button [title]="Close">
  <span>x</span>
</button>
```

## Further References

- [Angular A11y ESLint Rules](https://dev.to/bitovi/angular-a11y-eslint-rules-2fjc)
- [Enforcing Accessibility with Angular A11y ESLint Rules](https://www.bitovi.com/blog/angular-a11y-eslint-rules)
- [Angular ESLint Rules for Keyboard Accessibility](https://dev.to/angular/angular-eslint-rules-for-keyboard-accessibility-236f)
- [Angular ESLint Rules for ARIA](https://dev.to/angular/angular-eslint-rules-for-aria-3ba1)
- [WCAG 2.2 Success Criteria](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/)

Commit message:

docs(accessibility): replaced outdated Tools coverage percentage

docs/guides/accessibility.md, after:

<!--
kb_guide
kb_pwa
kb_everyone
kb_sync_latest_only
-->

# Accessibility

- [Accessibility](#accessibility)
  - [Check the Accessibility of a Page](#check-the-accessibility-of-a-page)
    - [Automated Testing](#automated-testing)
      - [ESLint Rules](#eslint-rules)
        - [Accessibility Plugin](#accessibility-plugin)
        - [Additional Rules](#additional-rules)
    - [Partially automated Testing](#partially-automated-testing)
      - [Tools](#tools)
        - [Google Lighthouse](#google-lighthouse)
        - [Silktide - Accessibility Checker](#silktide---accessibility-checker)
        - [WAVE - Web Accessibility Evaluation Tool](#wave---web-accessibility-evaluation-tool)
        - [IBM - Equal Access Accessibility Checker](#ibm---equal-access-accessibility-checker)
    - [Manual Testing](#manual-testing)
      - [Keyboard](#keyboard)
      - [Screen Reader](#screen-reader)
        - [Settings](#settings)
        - [Speech Viewer](#speech-viewer)
        - [Shortcuts](#shortcuts)
    - [Example Workflow](#example-workflow)
  - [Project specific Applications](#project-specific-applications)
    - [How to fix `click-events-have-key-events` problems](#how-to-fix-click-events-have-key-events-problems)
    - [Form Submission using the key "Enter"](#form-submission-using-the-key-enter)
    - [Form submission in dialogs](#form-submission-in-dialogs)
    - [Titles instead of ARIA-Attributes](#titles-instead-of-aria-attributes)
  - [Further References](#further-references)

The goal of accessibility is to unlock the full potential of the Web and enable people with disabilities to participate equally.
To achieve this, the [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG)](https://wcagcom.wpenginepowered.com/resource/what-is-wcag/) provide a set of standards ("[success criteria](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/)") that ensure online content is perceivable, operable, understandable, and robust for everyone.

## Check the Accessibility of a Page

### Automated Testing

#### ESLint Rules

The `@angular-eslint` repo contains a number of linting rules that can help enforce accessibility best practices in Angular component templates.

Most of the accessibility rules that are enabled in the Intershop PWA are contained in the plugin `@angular-eslint/template/accessibility` that is configured in the `.eslintrc.json` file of the project.
To check whether the rules are followed in your custom code or not, run `npm run lint`.

Only some individual rules that do not come with this plugin are specifically written down here.

> [!WARNING]
> These rules alone are not sufficient to guarantee good accessibility of a website.

##### Accessibility Plugin

```
plugin:@angular-eslint/template/accessibility
```

For reference on which rules the plugin currently includes, please check the official repository:

- [ESLint-Plugin Accessibility Rules](https://github.com/angular-eslint/angular-eslint/blob/main/packages/eslint-plugin-template/src/configs/accessibility.json)

##### Additional Rules

```
@angular-eslint/template/no-positive-tabindex
```

If an unreachable element has to be made reachable by providing a `tabindex`, the index should never be a positive number, only `0` (element is tab focusable) or `-1` (element is not tab focusable).
The tab-order has to be determined by the HTML-structure, not by the index.

### Partially automated Testing

#### Tools

While automated tools are useful for identifying **basic** accessibility issues, they can **only partially check that the WCAG criteria are met**.
Manual testing is essential to ensure full compliance.
They can however provide a **quick and easy overview over some accessibility issues** on a page and give a good starting point on where to focus and fix accessibility problems.
The following list contains some suggestions of free tools that have been used to check the accessibility of the PWA:

- **_Google Lighthouse_**: quick overview and good for detecting general problems
- **_Silktide_**: huge toolbox, can categorize issues after different WCAG versions
- _WAVE_: good for checking non-visible attributes like aria-labels and -roles or image alt-texts
- _IBM_: categorizes the issues directly after the WCAG criteria, but throws many false positives

##### Google Lighthouse

Google Lighthouse is a tool directly build into the dev-tools of the Google Chrome browser and is great to **get a first quick overview** over the page status.

It is accessible by pressing "`F12`" and selecting the "_Lighthouse_" tab.
If you only want to check for accessibility issues, only tick the "_Accessibility_" checkbox under "_Categories_".

The most informative and visual "_Mode_" is the default mode "_Navigation_".
That option reloads the page.
If a page needs to be tested which has elements that don’t stay after a reload, select the "_Snapshot_" option instead.

> [!NOTE]
> It’s important to note that the browser window with the tested page should be focused after clicking "_Analyze page load_" or else it might throw an error, saying that it couldn’t analyze the page because it didn’t render any content.

The list of checked criteria can be found [here](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/lighthouse/accessibility/scoring).

##### Silktide - Accessibility Checker

Silktide is a Chrome-only extension with **many different functionalities** for accessibility that combines a lot of features of other tools.

It also **includes a simulated screen reader** that is **very easy to use**.
The screen reader works almost exactly like a locally installed one and is a good and easy way to check for accessible names of buttons and links.
It does have limitations compared to an installed screen reader, but it is a good tool for people who are not familiar with screen readers and just want to quickly check some elements.

Comparing it to the other tools, it doesn’t seem to detect as many accessibility issues.
It can however test against different WCAG versions and conformance levels.

Browser Plugin:

- [Chrome](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/silktide-accessibility-ch/mpobacholfblmnpnfbiomjkecoojakah)

##### WAVE - Web Accessibility Evaluation Tool

WAVE is a browser extension and website.
The extension can be toggled by clicking the extension-icon in the browser.

It is a very helpful tool to **visualize non-visual accessibility attributes** like `aria-labels` and `-roles` or `alt`-texts for images.
Clicking on the :information_source:-icon behind a problem displays a more detailed description, as well as the related WCAG criteria.

It can also visualize the **tab-order** and the **HTML site structure** (landmarks and headings).

> [!NOTE]
> The tool isn’t that technically advanced and seems a bit rudimentary. One big downside is that it displaces elements on the page to render its own content, which leads to a cluttered page, obscured elements and false alerts regarding contrast issues.

Browser Plugin:

- [Chrome](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/wave-evaluation-tool/jbbplnpkjmmeebjpijfedlgcdilocofh)
- [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/wave-accessibility-tool)

Website for deployed websites: https://wave.webaim.org

##### IBM - Equal Access Accessibility Checker

IBM is a browser extension that after installing it can be found in the dev-tools (opened by pressing "`F12`") of the browser like Google Lighthouse.

This tool is helpful because it **categorizes the issues directly after the WCAG criteria**.
By default, they’re sorted after "_Element roles_", that should be changed to "_Requirements_" via the dropdown.

> [!NOTE]
> The detection feels a bit too strict, so the results have to be manually filtered
>
> - a lot of things are marked as "_Needs review_" that often aren’t a violation
> - and bootstrap elements or angular components are marked as violations, that may have a function when being activated but don’t present a real issue on the website

Browser Plugin:

- [Chrome](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/ibm-equal-access-accessib/lkcagbfjnkomcinoddgooolagloogehp)
- [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/accessibility-checker)

### Manual Testing

#### Keyboard

The point of manual testing via keyboard is to check for the **general operability of the page** and a logical HTML structure.

Simply don’t use the mouse, and only navigate/operate the page with the tab- and enter/space-keys (or arrow-keys for certain input fields).

Things to look out for:

- Does the **tab-focus** go through the page in a **logical order**?
- Can the **tab-focus** go through the entire page without being "**trapped**" somewhere?
- Is the **tab-focus visible** on every element it can reach?
- Is every interactive **element reachable** with just the keyboard?
- Is every interactive **element operable** with just the keyboard?
- Do elements that receive the tab-focus only **execute a functionality** if it is specifically activated with the enter/space-key?

#### Screen Reader

For the beginning, it is recommended to start with Silktide’s simulated screen reader.
It is less sophisticated and a lot easier and simpler to use.

A locally installed screen reader can be used to **thoroughly test a page** for features and properties that the simulated screen reader isn’t capable of (like announcing errors via aria-live attributes).
It also reflects the real world application of such an assistive technology a lot closer than the simulated one.

A widely used locally installed screen reader is [NVDA](https://www.nvaccess.org/download/) ("Non-Visual Desktop Access").

After installing and starting the program, the screen reader is immediately active.

Then you can tab with the keyboard through the website and check it for accessibility issues, or use the up and down arrow-keys to access text-content that isn’t tab-able.

##### Settings

There are some settings that should be changed to make the program easier to use.
On Windows, the settings can be accessed by clicking on the small NVDA system tray icon in the taskbar.
Then navigate to "_Preferences_" → "_Settings…_".

- "_Mouse_" → all the options should be unchecked, so the program only reads content focused by the keyboard
- "_Speech_" → the "Rate" should probably be tuned down because the program reads very fast for someone who isn’t used to the software

##### Speech Viewer

It is also very helpful enabling the "**Speech Viewer**", that displays the spoken text.

The "_Speech Viewer_" can be accessed by clicking the NVDA system tray icon and enabling it through "_Tools_" → "_Speech viewer_".

It’s also recommended checking "_Show Speech Viewer on Startup_" at the bottom of the "_Speech Viewer_".

##### Shortcuts

NVDA has a huge list of **shortcuts**.
The following ones are the most useful for **checking** the correct **HTML structure** and correctly defined **aria-roles**.
It’s possible to move in the reverse order by pressing the "`Shift`"-key together with the shortcut key.

- "`D`"-key - next landmark (header, main, footer, …)
- "`H`"-key - next heading
- "`1`"-"`6`"-keys - jump to heading-levels 1-6
- "`G`"-key - next graphic
- "`K`"-key - next link
- "`B`"-key - next button
- "`L`"-key - next list
- "`I`"-key - next item in a list

[General shortcut list](https://dequeuniversity.com/screenreaders/nvda-keyboard-shortcuts) |
[Complete shortcut list](https://www.nvaccess.org/files/nvda/documentation/keyCommands.html)

These shortcuts can help decide if an element has an appropriate `aria-role`.

For example, if it’s unclear if an icon should have an "`img`"-role, think about if it’d make sense that it’s possible to access that icon with the "`G`"-key shortcut.
In most cases, that doesn’t make sense, because an icon often just visually represents the underlying function of a link or button.
The graphical content of the icon isn’t that important.
It’s better to make the icon `aria-hidden` and give the underlying link/button an accessible name.

### Example Workflow

- scan page with **Google Lighthouse** → check for automatically detected issues
- scan page with **Silktide** → check for automatically detected issues
- check with Silktide or WAVE:
  - correctly defined **HTML-landmarks**
  - correct **headings-order** (logical order without skipping a number)
  - visualize and check a logical **tab-focus order**
- navigate/operate page with the keyboard tab-key
  - check logical **tab-order**
  - check **reachability/operability** of elements
  - check **visibility of the tab-focus** on every reachable element
- use Silktide’s simulated **screen reader** to check accessible link and button names
- for further in-depth testing → use other tools (like IBM) and a locally installed screen reader

> [!NOTE]
> Be aware of general accessibility issues like accessible link/button names, sufficient color contrast, marked links and an always visible tab-focus.

## Project specific Applications

### How to fix `click-events-have-key-events` problems

To address this issue, make sure that every `<a>` tag in the HTML files includes a `routerLink` attribute.
If a link is only intended to trigger an action and not used to navigate the user to another page, it is recommended to use `<button>` tags instead of anchor tags, because buttons inherently provide better support for keyboard interactions and enhance overall accessibility.
To make the buttons look like links use the css classes `btn btn-link btn-link-action` for text links and `btn-tool btn-link` for icon links.
In case you have to use anchor tags nevertheless e.g. because of styling issues make sure you define a keypress.enter action and the tabindex="0" attribute for the anchor tag.

Other HTML elements (`<div>`, `<span>`, etc.) with a `click()` event that report this ESLint error can be fixed by adding a `(keydown.enter)` event that should be assigned with the `click()` event's method.
In addition, a `tabindex="0"` needs to be added to such elements to make them tab focusable.

### Form Submission using the key "Enter"

Implicit form submission using the "Enter" key is vital to assistive technologies, see also [HTML5 specification](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/form-control-infrastructure.html#implicit-submission).
Therefore, the `form` tag has to include an `input` of `type="submit"`, for example

```html
<form>
  <label for="foo">Name:</label>
  <input type="text" name="foo" id="foo" />
  <input type="submit" value="Submit" />
</form>
```

or a button of type "submit"

```html
<form>
  <label for="foo">Name:</label>
  <input type="text" name="foo" id="foo" />
  <button type="submit">Submit</button>
</form>
```

### Form submission in dialogs

Dialogs (or modals) are separated into three sections:

- modal header
- modal body
- modal footer

where the form is positioned inside the model body and the buttons are positioned inside the modal footer.
The following simplified example shows the wrong HTML structure:

:x: **Wrong HTML structure**

```html
<div class="modal-body">
  <form (ngSubmit)="submit()">
    <formly-form></formly-form>
  </form>
</div>
<div class="modal-footer">
  <button type="button" (click)="submit()">Submit</button>
  <button type="button" (click)="cancel()">Cancel</button>
</div>
```

The button with the text "Submit" calls the same function `foo()` as the form `(ngSubmit)` but the form would not be submitted using the "Enter" key because the submit button is positioned outside the `form` tag.
The following example shows the correct HTML structure:

:heavy_check_mark: **Correct HTML structure**

```html
<form (ngSubmit)="submit()">
  <div class="modal-body">
    <formly-form></formly-form>
  </div>
  <div class="modal-footer">
    <button type="submit">Submit</button>
    <button type="button" (click)="cancel()">Cancel</button>
  </div>
</form>
```

where

- the `form` tag surrounds both the formly form (including the form elements) and the submit button
- the function `submit()` is only called at the `form` tag
- the "Submit" button is correctly defined using `type="submit"` and does not call `submit()` using `(click)=""`
- the "Cancel" button is only defined as `type="button"` to prevent any default behavior

### Titles instead of ARIA-Attributes

If an element has to be made more descriptive by adding a title-attribute or an aria-label, we decided to use the title and not the label, because a title provides visual feedback and can also be read as a label by screen-readers.

:x: **Wrong HTML structure, title and aria-label would be read by a screen-reader**

```html
<button [title]="Close" [aria-label]="close">
  <span>x</span>
</button>
```

:heavy_check_mark: **Preferred HTML structure when a title is needed**

```html
<button [title]="Close">
  <span>x</span>
</button>
```

## Further References

- [Angular A11y ESLint Rules](https://dev.to/bitovi/angular-a11y-eslint-rules-2fjc)
- [Enforcing Accessibility with Angular A11y ESLint Rules](https://www.bitovi.com/blog/angular-a11y-eslint-rules)
- [Angular ESLint Rules for Keyboard Accessibility](https://dev.to/angular/angular-eslint-rules-for-keyboard-accessibility-236f)
- [Angular ESLint Rules for ARIA](https://dev.to/angular/angular-eslint-rules-for-aria-3ba1)
- [WCAG 2.2 Success Criteria](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/)
